docs(README): add repo README and yolov7-stomata README (#17)
instill-ai/models: README.md

# Instill AI Models

> Welcome to our Model Repository! This repository houses a collection of machine learning models designed to perform various AI tasks, and be seamlessly served on [Instill Core](https://github.com/instill-ai/instill-core) or [Instill Cloud](www.instill.tech).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to our Model Repository! This repository houses a collection of machine learning models designed to perform various AI tasks. They are all prepared and ready to be seamlessly served on [Instill Core](https://github.com/instill-ai/instill-core) or [Instill Cloud](www.instill.tech) via our MLOps/LLMOps platform [Instill Model](https://www.instill.tech/docs/model/introduction).
```

| [tinyllama](./tinyllama/README.md)                             | Chat                  | tinyllama is a chat model finetuned on top of TinyLlama/TinyLlama-1.1B-intermediate-step-1431k-3T.                     |
| [yolov7](./yolov7/README.md)                                   | Object Detection      | yolov7 is a state-of-the-art real-time object detector.                                                                |
| [yolov7-stomata](./yolov7-stomata/README.md)                   | Instance Segmentation | yolov7-stomata is designed for stomata detection and segmentation.                                                     |
| [zephyr-7b](./zephyr-7b/README.md)                             | Chat                  | zephyr-7b is a series of language models that are trained to act as helpful.assistants.                                |

## Getting Started

We leverage Instill Core to provide a seamless experience for serving models. Follow the steps below to quickly get started:

### 1. Instill Core or Instill Cloud

> #### Self-host Instill-Core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Self-host 🔮 Instill Core
```

> - Follow this [quickstart guide](https://www.instill.tech/docs/quickstart) to get it up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [this section](https://www.instill.tech/docs/quickstart#-instill-core) of our quick start guide to get it up and running with self-hosting **Instill Core** on a local or remote instance.
```

> #### Instill Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### ☁️ Instill Cloud
```

> - Go to our [website](https://www.instill.tech/) and check out what we have to offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [this section](https://www.instill.tech/docs/quickstart#%EF%B8%8F-instill-cloud) of our quick start guide to get it up and running on **Instill Cloud**, our fully managed public cloud service that provides you with access to all the features of **Instill Core** without the burden of infrastructure management.
```

> ### 2. Create a Namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Create a model namespace
```

> To create a namespace, follow the steps in [Create a Namespace Documentation](https://www.instill.tech/docs/model/create/namespace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a model namespace, follow the steps on the [Create Namespace](https://www.instill.tech/docs/model/create/namespace) page.
```

### 3. Prepare your model

> Find the model you want to serve and download the desired version folder, also check out the particular model folder README to obtain other necessary files and model weights or perform necessary steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the model you want to serve and download the desired version folder. Also, make sure to check out the particular model folder README to obtain other necessary files, model weights or perform any additional required steps.
```

### 4. Build your model

> Follow the steps in [Build Your Model Documentation](https://www.instill.tech/docs/model/create/build), and remember to install the python-sdk version according to the compatibility matrix in each model's README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps on the [Build Model Image](https://www.instill.tech/docs/model/create/build) page, and remember to install the `python-sdk` version according to the compatibility matrix in each model's README.
```

### 5. Push and deploy your model

> Follow the steps in [Push Your Model Documentation](https://www.instill.tech/docs/model/create/push) to deploy the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps on the [Push Model Image](https://www.instill.tech/docs/model/create/push) page to deploy the model to your choice of **Instill Core** or **Instill Cloud**.
```

## Implement your own custom model

> Follow the steps in [Prepare Model](https://www.instill.tech/docs/model/create/prepare) to see how to implement your own custom model that can be served on Instill Core and Instill Cloud!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps on the [Prepare Model](https://www.instill.tech/docs/model/create/prepare) page to see how to implement your own custom model that can be served on **Instill Core** and **Instill Cloud**! You can also checkout the [step-by-step tutorial](https://www.instill.tech/blog/model-serving-on-instill-core) which walks you through the process of serving your own custom model on **Instill Core**.
```
